Fix the response body of an error sent by MeiliSearch (#790)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/README.md

```json
{
  "message": "Index movies not found",
  "errorCode": "index_not_found",
  "errorType": "invalid_request_error",
  "errorLink": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#index_not_found"
}
```

> The [complete list](/errors) of all the `errorCode` with their detailed description might help you understanding the MeiliSearch errors.

Author: ```suggestion
The [complete list](https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors) of all the `errorCode` with their detailed description might help you understanding the MeiliSearch errors.
```

> The [complete list](https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors) of all the `errorCode` with their detailed description might help you understanding the MeiliSearch errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're having trouble understanding an error, take a look at the [complete list](https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors) of `errorCode` values and descriptions.
```
